Husband didn't expect me to do it
I not only won the grand prize in the shooting competition
And that led to a lot of orders.
I told you so.
You can definitely
Your meal
OK
Hey, have you done it?
That Miss Bai looks serious
I didn't expect to secretly miss the import
But it's weird
I can't even remember
When did you lose this archery port?
It's okay, if you can't remember it, you don't want to.
Eat first
I made all the food you like today
I'm just hungry. Try it.
Yeah, it's delicious.
Oh, honey!
If you are a girl
I'm sure a lot of men are vying to marry you
Haven't you already married me?
I am all yours
Where are you?
Ali, I'm serious.
You were my first woman
Also my favorite woman
With you
Really happy
Are you serious?
So did I.
Jiangli you bitch
I want you dead.
Wei is bored, you are dignified, Master Wei
For that bitch Jiang Li
Become a street rat
He was also expelled from the Wei family
I think you must really want revenge
I'll give you a chance for revenge now